ccor news, added flavor for the new pirate region (#9794)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/human/news.txt

			"Veni, vidi, hyperjumped away."
			"Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music."
			"Better half a sentence, "

news "High Tension Situation"
	location
		attribute "ccor"
name
	"Standoff"
message
	word
		"CCOR Guerrillas "
		"Guerrillas in CCOR colors "
	word
		"are "
	word

> 		"distributing pampflets, "

Reviewer: pampflets -> pamphlets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"distributing pamphlets, "
```

		"delivering aid, "
		"rallying against the local authorities, "
		"supporting local protests, "
	word
		"when "
	word
		"planetary authorities "
		"local pirates "
	word

> 		"acost "

Reviewer: accost ?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"accost "
```

		"confront "
	word

> 		"them to "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"them and demand that they "
```

	word

> 		"dispurse. "

Reviewer: disperse ? "To disperse is to scatter, and to disburse is to pay"

Author: Disperse is what I intended.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"disperse. "
```

> name
> 	"Standoff"
> message
> 	word
> 		"CCOR Guerrillas "
> 		"Guerrillas in CCOR colors "
> 	word
> 		"are "
> 	word
> 		"distributing pamphlets, "
> 		"delivering aid, "
> 		"rallying against the local authorities, "
> 		"supporting local protests, "
> 	word
> 		"when "
> 	word
> 		"planetary authorities "
> 		"local pirates "
> 	word
> 		"accost "
> 		"confront "
> 	word
> 		"them and demand that they "
> 	word
> 		"disperse. "
> 		"abandon their objective. "
> 		"come quietly. "
> 	word
> 		"The Guerrillas "
> 	word
> 		"bluster "
> 		"saber-rattle "
> 	word
> 		"for a bit in response "
> 	word
> 		"but it all ends with them dispersing."
> 		"and their opposition backs down."

Reviewer 3: What do you think of this? 
One possible example:
> "At the entrance to the spaceport market, some CCOR guerrillas are delivering aid. When a gang of local pirates confront them and demand that they come quietly, the guerillas saber-rattle in response, and the two groups back down."

Compared to:
> "CCOR Guerrillas are delivering aid, when local pirates confront them and demand that they come quietly. The Guerillas sabre-rattle for a bit in response and their opposition backs down."

```suggestion
	name
		"Standoff"
	message
		word
			"On the corner"
			"By a landing pad"
			"At the entrance to the spaceport market, "
		word
			"some CCOR guerrillas are "
			"there's a group of people in CCOR colors "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets"
			"handing out literature"
			"delivering aid"
			"rallying against the local authorities"
			"supporting local protests"
		word
			". "
		word
			"When "
		word
			"the planetary authorities "
			"a gang of local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"
			"come quietly"
		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"in response "
		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."
```

Author: I like this. Unfortunately committing the indents has outdated this one.

> name
> 	"Standoff"
> message
> 	word
> 		"CCOR Guerrillas "
> 		"Guerrillas in CCOR colors "
> 	word
> 		"are "
> 	word
> 		"distributing pamphlets, "
> 		"delivering aid, "
> 		"rallying against the local authorities, "
> 		"supporting local protests, "
> 	word
> 		"when "
> 	word
> 		"planetary authorities "
> 		"local pirates "
> 	word
> 		"accost "
> 		"confront "
> 	word
> 		"them and demand that they "
> 	word
> 		"disperse. "
> 		"abandon their objective. "
> 		"come quietly. "
> 	word
> 		"The Guerrillas "
> 	word
> 		"bluster "
> 		"saber-rattle "
> 	word
> 		"for a bit in response "
> 	word
> 		"but it all ends with them dispersing."
> 		"and their opposition backs down."

Reviewer 3: Otherwise, just adding indents:
```suggestion
	name
		"Standoff"
	message
		word
			"CCOR Guerrillas "
			"Guerrillas in CCOR colors "
		word
			"are "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets, "
			"delivering aid, "
			"rallying against the local authorities, "
			"supporting local protests, "
		word
			"when "
		word
			"planetary authorities "
			"local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse. "
			"abandon their objective. "
			"come quietly. "
		word
			"The Guerrillas "
		word
			"bluster "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"for a bit in response "
		word
			"but it all ends with them dispersing."
			"and their opposition backs down."
```

> 	name
> 		"Standoff"
> 	message
> 		word
> 			"CCOR Guerrillas "
> 			"Guerrillas in CCOR colors "
> 		word
> 			"are "
> 		word
> 			"distributing pamphlets, "
> 			"delivering aid, "
> 			"rallying against the local authorities, "
> 			"supporting local protests, "
> 		word
> 			"when "
> 		word
> 			"planetary authorities "
> 			"local pirates "
> 		word
> 			"accost "
> 			"confront "
> 		word
> 			"them and demand that they "
> 		word
> 			"disperse. "
> 			"abandon their objective. "
> 			"come quietly. "
> 		word
> 			"The Guerrillas "
> 		word
> 			"bluster "
> 			"saber-rattle "
> 		word
> 			"for a bit in response "
> 		word
> 			"but it all ends with them dispersing."
> 			"and their opposition backs down."

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	name
		"Standoff"
	message
		word
			"On the corner"
			"By a landing pad"
			"At the entrance to the spaceport market, "
		word
			"some CCOR guerrillas are "
			"there's a group of people in CCOR colors "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets"
			"handing out literature"
			"delivering aid"
			"rallying against the local authorities"
			"supporting local protests"
		word
			". "
		word
			"When "
		word
			"the planetary authorities "
			"a gang of local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"
			"come quietly"
		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"in response "
		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."
```
Should be the same as the previous suggestion

Author: Thank you.

phrase "A Light Ship"
	word
		"A Sparrow"
		"An Enforcer"
		"A Shuttle"
		"A Heavy Shuttle"
		"A Star Barge"
		"A Berserker"
		"A Fury"
		"A Hawk"
		"A Wasp"

phrase "Pronoun"
	word
		"his"

> 		"hers"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"her"
```

		"their"

phrase "Careless Ends Well"
	word

> 		"turns around to reenter their ship, "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"turns around to reenter the ship"
```

	word

> 		"as it's struck by a wave, nudging it off the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
> 		"moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		" as it's struck by a wave, nudging it off the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
		", moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."
```

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores Spaceport Control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with Control about their landing. The ship"

> 		"turns around to reenter their ship, however it"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"turns around to reenter the ship, however it"
```

	word

> 		"is "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		" is "
```

	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet Jakobsen

> name
> 	"Recklessness"
> message
> 	phrase 
> 		"A Light Ship"
> 	word
> 		" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Spaceport Control is immediately on the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "
> 	phrase
> 		"Careless Ends Well"
> 		"Careless Ends Poorly"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	name
		"Recklessness"
	message
		phrase 
			"A Light Ship"
		word
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Spaceport Control is immediately on the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "
		phrase
			"Careless Ends Well"
			"Careless Ends Poorly"
```

phrase "CCOR Song Description"
	word
		"a song about "
	word
		"community, everyone pitching in where they can"
		"the tyranny of a man name Bailey, until he was overthrown"

> 		"CCOR, praising their acomplishments"

Reviewer: accomplishments

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"CCOR, praising their accomplishments"
```

> 		"resistance, oposition to the current planetary administration"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"resistance, opposition to the current planetary administration"
```

phrase "Worker's Demands"
	word
		"safety regulations"
		"increased pay"
		"restoration of the CCOR"
		"justice against planetary security brutality"
		"immediate repositioning of the spaceport"

news "Discontent"
	location
		planet Bailey
name
	"Conflict"
message
	word
		"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
	word
		"large scale "
		"mass "

> 		"medium "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"moderate "
```

		"scattered "
	word
		"riots "
		"protests %"
	word
		"the rioters are "
	word
		"singing, %{CCOR Song Description}. "
		"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
		"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
	word

> 		"Security eventually steps in "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"Security eventually steps in, "
```

	word
		"however they're pushed back. "
		"but they're routed. "

> 		"they disperse the demonstrators. "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
```

> 		"the demonstrators scatter but don't appear diswaded."

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
```

> name
> 	"Conflict"
> message
> 	word
> 		"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
> 	word
> 		"large scale "
> 		"mass "
> 		"moderate "
> 		"scattered "
> 	word
> 		"riots "
> 		"protests %"
> 	word
> 		"the rioters are "
> 	word
> 		"singing, %{CCOR Song Description}. "
> 		"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
> 		"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
> 	word
> 		"Security eventually steps in, "
> 	word
> 		"however they're pushed back. "
> 		"but they're routed. "
> 		"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
> 		"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
> 	replace
> 		"% the rioters" "the protesters"
> 		"%" ""

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	name
		"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots "
			"protests %"
		word
			"the rioters are "
		word
			"singing, %{CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"however they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"% the rioters" "the protesters"
			"%" ""
```
Just adding indents

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet Alvorada
name
	"Observation"
message
	word

> 		"You can't escape the feeling of being watched it's "
> 	word
> 		"probably the security cameras, most of them are still running. "
> 		"feels like there's eyes around every corner. "
> 		"the pirates, a small number of them seem to be watching you. "

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
		"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
	word
		"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
		" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
		"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
```

	word

> 		"The 

Reviewer 2: Why is this here?

Author: This is what I meant about Alvorada's news being incomplete. I wanted to add more but writer's block struck and couldn't figure out how to continue this one.

Reviewer 4: If it's incomplete and you're planning to add more to this PR, you might want to mark it as a draft.

Author: Yeah. Converted to draft.

	word
		"when "
	word
		"planetary authorities "
		"local pirates "
	word
		"acost "
		"confront "
	word
		"them to "
	word
		"dispurse. "
		"abandon their objective. "
		"come quietly. "
	word
		"The Guerrillas "
	word
		"bluster "
		"saber-rattle "
	word
		"for a bit in response "
	word
		"but it all ends with them dispersing."
		"and their opposition backs down."

phrase "A Light Ship"
	word
		"A Sparrow"
		"An Enforcer"
		"A Shuttle"
		"A Heavy Shuttle"
		"A Star Barge"
		"A Berserker"
		"A Fury"
		"A Hawk"
		"A Wasp"

phrase "Pronoun"
	word
		"his"
		"hers"
		"their"

phrase "Careless Ends Well"
	word
		"turns around to reenter their ship, "
	word
		"as it's struck by a wave, nudging it off the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
		"moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores Spaceport Control and heads to the bar. "
		"argues with Control about their landing. "
		"turns around to reenter their ship, however %"
	word
		"The ship is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."
	replace

> 		"% The" "the"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
		"%The ship" "it"
```

> phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
> 	word
> 		"ignores Spaceport Control and heads to the bar. "
> 		"argues with Control about their landing. "
> 		"turns around to reenter their ship, however %"
> 	word
> 		"The ship is "
> 	word
> 		"struck "
> 		"caught "
> 	word
> 		"by a wave and "
> 	word
> 		"swept into the sea."
> 		"pushed off the pad."
> 	replace
> 		"% The" "the"
> 		"%" ""

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores Spaceport Control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with Control about their landing. The ship"
		"turns around to reenter their ship, however it"
	word
		"is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."
```

			"there's a group of people in CCOR colors "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets"
			"handing out literature"
			"delivering aid"
			"rallying against the local authorities"
			"supporting local protests"
		word
			". "
		word
			"When "
		word
			"the planetary authorities "
			"a gang of local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"
			"come quietly"
		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"in response "
		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."

phrase "A Light Ship"
	word
		"A Sparrow"
		"An Enforcer"
		"A Shuttle"
		"A Heavy Shuttle"
		"A Star Barge"
		"A Berserker"
		"A Fury"
		"A Hawk"
		"A Wasp"

phrase "Pronoun"
	word
		"his"
		"hers"
		"their"

phrase "Careless Ends Well"
	word
		"turns around to reenter their ship, "
	word
		"as it's struck by a wave, nudging it off the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
		"moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word

> 		"ignores Spaceport Control and heads to the bar. The ship"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
		"ignores air traffic control and heads to the bar. The ship"
```

> 		"argues with Control about their landing. The ship"

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
		"argues with the controller about their landing. The ship"
```

		"turns around to reenter their ship, however it"
	word
		"is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet Jakobsen
	name
		"Recklessness"
	message
		phrase 
			"A Light Ship"
		word

> 			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Spaceport Control is immediately on the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "
```

		"justice against planetary security brutality"
		"immediate repositioning of the spaceport"

news "Discontent"
	location
		planet Bailey
	name
		"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots "
			"protests %"
		word
			"the rioters are "
		word
			"singing, %{CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"however they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"% the rioters" "the protesters"
			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet Alvorada
name
	"Observation"
message
	word
		"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
	word
		"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
		" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
		"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
	word

> 		"The 

Author: ```suggestion
		"After some time of this "
	word
		"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "
		"it may be wise make sure no-one's tampering with your ship. "
	word
		"There's "
	word
		"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "
		"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "
		"noone othere, the area around your ship is almost suspiciously devioid of people. "
	word
		"Whatever's going on your ship appears unscathed."

news "Microgravity"
	location
		planet Mordente-Bridi
name
	"Repairs"
message
	word
		"Watching the micro-gravity section of the spaceport from the bar, you "
	word
		"observe "
		"notice "
		"spot "
		"spy "
	word
		"a Bastion "
		"an Aerie "
		"a Falcon "
		"a Leviathan "
	word
		"returning from a raid, "
	word
		"potmarked with laser burns but no apparent serious damage. "
		"battered with thousands of small perferations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, gatling guns, back on them. "
		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. Fair guess they didn't have enough anti-missle. "
	word
		"As it comes to a stop in the maitenance bay engineering shuttles begin "
	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."
		"They'll be working for the rest of the shift on this one."

news "Symbol War"
	location
		planet Gagarin
name
	"Guerrilla Symbology"
message
	word
		"It's an average day in a busy spaceport, "
	word
		"there's no real quiet anywhere in the port, "
		"it's the expected amout of noisy crowd background noise, "
		"with the normal buzz of activity with thousands of things happening every second, "
	word
		"it can be a bit much but anyone who works with ships learns to tune it out. "
	word
		"In spite of the drive to tune out the rumble of the crowds "
		"However, against the drive to tune out the crowds "
		"A rare and fleeting drop in the rumble allows% "
	word
		"you hear something that stands out "
	word
		"turning your attention to the unexpected noise, "
		"glancing over to the new commotion, "
	word
		"you see a squad of "
	word
		"CCOR irregulars "
		"CCOR guerrillas "
	word
		"a few of them are armed but most have paint, plaster, and ladders."
	word
		"They "
	word
		"leave the spaceport traffic alone,"
		"aren't disrupting traffic,"
	word
		"rather "
		"instead "
	word
		"they are "
	word
		"climbing the back wall toward the giant crest of the planetary government% "
		"walking along the peripheral walls of the port focusing on the small government crests "
		"returning to CCOR crests that have been covered with planetary government crests "
	word
		"they dilligently replace the government crests with CCOR's. "
	word
		"Spaceport security are "
	word
		"noticably absent."
		"actively ignoring them."
		"keeping their distance."
	replace
		"% you" " you to"
		"% they dilligently replace the government crests" " they dilligently replace the large crest"
		"%" ""

news "IP Theft"
	location
		shipyard "Betelgause Basics" "Betelgause Advanced"
		not government "Pirate"
name
	"Bootlegged Ships"
message
	word
		"A poster on the spaceport wall reads "
		"An audio broadcast playing in the spaceport recites "
		"A televised message on one of the news screens broadcasts "
	word
		"'A public-service announcement from Betelgeuse Shipyards: How do you know that a Betelgause Ship TM"
	word
		"has the time-tested quality? "
		"will live up to your high expectations? "
		"is the genuine article? "
	word
		"It's quite simple! Ensure that when buying new you do so from a reputable dealer or if you're interested in one that has itself withstood the test of time request the certificate of authenticity from the seller with your purchace. These simple precautions will ensure that "
	word
		"you're not mislead by an inferior fascimily "
		"duped with a douplicate "
		"conned with a counterfit "
	word
		"ship assembled "
	word
		"from refuse "
		"with inferior materials "
	word
		"by "
	word
		"slaves. "
		"pirates. "
		"bootleggers. "
	word
		"Buy a genuine Betelgause ship today!' The message then displays a listing of nearby planets that sell 'genuine' Betelgause ships."
```

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores air traffic control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with the controller about their landing. The ship"
		"turns around to reenter the ship, however it"
	word
		" is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet Jakobsen
	name
		"Recklessness"
	message
		phrase 
			"A Light Ship"
		word
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "
		phrase
			"Careless Ends Well"
			"Careless Ends Poorly"

phrase "CCOR Song Description"
	word
		"a song about "
	word
		"community, everyone pitching in where they can"
		"the tyranny of a man name Bailey, until he was overthrown"
		"CCOR, praising their accomplishments"
		"resistance, opposition to the current planetary administration"

phrase "Worker's Demands"
	word
		"safety regulations"
		"increased pay"
		"restoration of the CCOR"
		"justice against planetary security brutality"
		"immediate repositioning of the spaceport"

> news "Discontent"

Reviewer 7: > Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked large scale riots the rioters are singing, [...]

I don't think these sentences really work.

	location
		planet Bailey
	name
		"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots "
			"protests %"
		word
			"the rioters are "
		word

> 			"singing, %{CCOR Song Description}. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"singing, ${CCOR Song Description}. "
```

I think that's the syntax?

			"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"however they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"% the rioters" "the protesters"
			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet Alvorada
name
	"Observation"
message
	word
		"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
	word
		"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
		" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
		"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
	word

> 		"After some time of this "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		" After some time of this "
```

	word
		"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "
		"it may be wise make sure no-one's tampering with your ship. "
	word
		"There's "
	word
		"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "

> 		"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "

Reviewer 7: Wouldn't that be `there are a few pirates`?

Author: Yeah, it should be.

> 		"noone othere, the area around your ship is almost suspiciously devioid of people. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"no-one there, the area around your ship is almost suspiciously devioid of people. "
```

	word

> 		"Whatever's going on your ship appears unscathed."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"Whatever is going on, your ship appears unscathed."
```

news "Microgravity"
	location
		planet Mordente-Bridi
name
	"Repairs"
message
	word

> 		"Watching the micro-gravity section of the spaceport from the bar, you "

Reviewer 7: So should it be microgravity or micro-gravity?

Author: I don't know. English is my first language but it's never made sense to me.

	word
		"observe "
		"notice "
		"spot "
		"spy "
	word
		"a Bastion "
		"an Aerie "
		"a Falcon "
		"a Leviathan "
	word
		"returning from a raid, "
	word

> 		"potmarked with laser burns but no apparent serious damage. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"potmarked with laser burns but with no apparent serious damage. "
```

> 		"battered with thousands of small perferations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, gatling guns, back on them. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"battered with thousands of small perforations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, gatling guns, back on them. "
```

> 		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. Fair guess they didn't have enough anti-missle. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. Fair guess they didn't have enough anti-missile. "
```

	word

> 		"As it comes to a stop in the maitenance bay engineering shuttles begin "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"As it comes to a stop in the maintenance bay engineering shuttles begin "
```

	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."
		"They'll be working for the rest of the shift on this one."

> news "Symbol War"

Reviewer 7: Are you sure this one isn't too long?

> news "Symbol War"

Reviewer 7: Also, this seems to be more of a mission than a spaceport news entry in its layout.

	location
		planet Gagarin
name
	"Guerrilla Symbology"
message
	word
		"It's an average day in a busy spaceport, "
	word
		"there's no real quiet anywhere in the port, "

> 		"it's the expected amout of noisy crowd background noise, "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"it's the expected amonut of noisy crowd background noise, "
```

		"with the normal buzz of activity with thousands of things happening every second, "
	word
		"it can be a bit much but anyone who works with ships learns to tune it out. "
	word
		"In spite of the drive to tune out the rumble of the crowds "
		"However, against the drive to tune out the crowds "
		"A rare and fleeting drop in the rumble allows% "
	word
		"you hear something that stands out "
	word
		"turning your attention to the unexpected noise, "
		"glancing over to the new commotion, "
	word
		"you see a squad of "
	word
		"CCOR irregulars "
		"CCOR guerrillas "
	word

> 		"a few of them are armed but most have paint, plaster, and ladders."

Reviewer 7: There is some punctuation missing before this.

	word
		"They "
	word

> 		"leave the spaceport traffic alone,"
> 		"aren't disrupting traffic,"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"leave the spaceport traffic alone, "
		"aren't disrupting traffic, "
```

	word
		"rather "
		"instead "
	word
		"they are "
	word
		"climbing the back wall toward the giant crest of the planetary government% "
		"walking along the peripheral walls of the port focusing on the small government crests "

> 		"returning to CCOR crests that have been covered with planetary government crests "

Reviewer 7: This makes no sense with the next part.

	word

> 		"they dilligently replace the government crests with CCOR's. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"they diligently replace the government crests with CCOR's. "
```

	word
		"Spaceport security are "
	word

> 		"noticably absent."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"notably absent."
```

		"actively ignoring them."
		"keeping their distance."
	replace
		"% you" " you to"
		"% they dilligently replace the government crests" " they dilligently replace the large crest"
		"%" ""

> news "IP Theft"

Reviewer 7: This one also feels long and awkwardly phrased for spaceport news.

Author: It probably is. I wanted to put something together right when inspiration struck.
Could probably cut the current beginning down and restructure it a bit, I'll think about how to do so.

Author: Rewrote it a bit. I think something may be wonky, it wasn't showing your suggested changes for this one until I went to edit it.

	location

> 		shipyard "Betelgause Basics" "Betelgause Advanced"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		shipyard "Betelgeuse Basics" "Betelgeuse Advanced"
```

		not government "Pirate"
name
	"Bootlegged Ships"
message
	word
		"A poster on the spaceport wall reads "
		"An audio broadcast playing in the spaceport recites "
		"A televised message on one of the news screens broadcasts "
	word

> 		"'A public-service announcement from Betelgeuse Shipyards: How do you know that a Betelgause Ship TM"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"'A public-service announcement from Betelgeuse Shipyards: How do you know that a Betelgause Ship TM"
```

	word
		"has the time-tested quality? "
		"will live up to your high expectations? "
		"is the genuine article? "
	word

> 		"It's quite simple! Ensure that when buying new you do so from a reputable dealer or if you're interested in one that has itself withstood the test of time request the certificate of authenticity from the seller with your purchace. These simple precautions will ensure that "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"It's quite simple! Ensure that when buying new you do so from a reputable dealer or if you're interested in one that has itself withstood the test of time request the certificate of authenticity from the seller with your purchase. These simple precautions will ensure that "
```
This could use some rephrasing, too.

	word

> 		"you're not mislead by an inferior fascimily "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"you're not mislead by an inferior facsimile "
```

> 		"duped with a douplicate "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"duped with a duplicate "
```

> 		"conned with a counterfit "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"conned with a counterfeit "
```

	word
		"ship assembled "
	word
		"from refuse "
		"with inferior materials "
	word
		"by "
	word
		"slaves. "
		"pirates. "
		"bootleggers. "
	word

> 		"Buy a genuine Betelgause ship today!' The message then displays a listing of nearby planets that sell 'genuine' Betelgause ships."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
		"Buy a genuine Betelgeuse ship today!' The message then displays a listing of nearby planets that sell 'genuine' Betelgeuse ships."
```

	word
		" is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet Jakobsen
	name
		"Recklessness"
	message
		phrase 
			"A Light Ship"
		word
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "
		phrase
			"Careless Ends Well"
			"Careless Ends Poorly"

phrase "CCOR Song Description"
	word
		"a song about "
	word
		"community, everyone pitching in where they can"
		"the tyranny of a man name Bailey, until he was overthrown"
		"CCOR, praising their accomplishments"
		"resistance, opposition to the current planetary administration"

phrase "Worker's Demands"
	word
		"safety regulations"
		"increased pay"
		"restoration of the CCOR"
		"justice against planetary security brutality"
		"immediate repositioning of the spaceport"

news "Discontent"
	location
		planet Bailey
	name
		"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word

> 			"riots "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"riots. "
```

> 			"protests %"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"protests. %"
```

		word

> 			"the rioters are "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"The rioters are "
```

		word
			"singing, ${CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word

> 			"however they're pushed back. "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"but they're pushed back. "
```

			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace

> 			"% the rioters" "the protesters"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"% The rioters" "The protesters"
```

			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet Alvorada
name
	"Observation"
message
	word
		"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
	word
		"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
		" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
		"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
	word
		" After some time of this "
	word
		"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "
		"it may be wise make sure no-one's tampering with your ship. "
	word
		"There's "
	word
		"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "
		"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "

> 		"no-one there, the area around your ship is almost suspiciously devioid of people. "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		"no-one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "
```

	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."
		"They'll be working for the rest of the shift on this one."

news "Symbol War"
	location
		planet Gagarin
name
	"Guerrilla Symbology"
message
	word
		"It's an average day in Gagarin's busy spaceport, until "
	word
		"your attention is grabbed by an oddity. A "
		"an unusual commotion catches your attention. A "
	word
		"squad "
		"band "
		"team "
	word
		"of CCOR "
	word
		"guerillas "
		"insurgents "
	word
		"have entered the port."
	word
		"Almost none "
		"few "
		"some "
		"all "
	word
		"of them are armed, but it's their other equipment that stands out; paint, plaster, and ladders. They "
	word
		"aren't disrupting traffic "
		"are leaving port traffic be "
	word
		"as they "
	word
		"scale the rear wall toward the giant crest of the local government "
		"walk along the walls stopping at each local government crest% "
	word
		"they replace the crest then take down their ladders and leave."
	word
		"Spaceport security "
	word
		"is noticably absent the whole scene."
		"watched but kept their distance."
		"pointedly ignored it as it happened."
	replace
		"% they replace the " "they replace each "

> 		"%" ""
> 
> news "Betelgeuse Stolen Ship Advisory"
>     location
>         shipyard "Betelgeuse Basics" "Betelgeuse Advanced"
>         not government "Pirate"
> name
>     "Advertisement"
> message
>     word
>         "A message on an interactive screen reads"
>         "An audio broadcast playing in the spaceport recites"
>         "A televised message on one of the news screens broadcasts"
>     word
>         ": "
>     word
>         `"How do you know that your Betelgeuse ship`
>     word
>         " "
>     word
>         "has the time-tested quality that Betelgeuse is known for"
>         "will live up to your high expectations"
>         "is the genuine article"
>     word
>         "? "
>     word
>         "Ensure that when buying new you do so from a reputable dealer"
>         "Buy your ships direct from a Betelgeuse-affiliated shipyard"
>         "Give yourself peace of mind by purchasing your Betelgeuse ship from a reputable shipyard"
>         "Request the certificate of authenticity from the seller with your purchase"
>     word
>         ". "
>     word    
>         "These simple precautions will ensure that"
>     word
>         " you're not "
>     word
>         "duped into buying a"
>         "conned with a counterfeit"
>         "purchasing a"
>     word
>         " ship assembled from refuse by "
>         " ship assembled with inferior materials by "
>         " stolen ship from "
>         " hijacked ship from "
>         " patchy ship from "
>     word
>         "pirates. "
>         "bootleggers. "
>         "criminals. "
>     word
>         `Buy a genuine Betelgeuse ship today!" The message then displays a listing of nearby planets that sell "genuine" Betelgeuse ships.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
		"%" ""

news "Betelgeuse Stolen Ship Advisory"
	location
		shipyard "Betelgeuse Basics" "Betelgeuse Advanced"
		not government "Pirate"
	name
		"Advertisement"
	message
		word
			"A message on an interactive screen reads"
			"An audio broadcast playing in the spaceport recites"
			"A televised message on one of the news screens broadcasts"
		word
			": "
		word
			`"How do you know that your Betelgeuse ship`
		word
			" "
		word
			"has the time-tested quality that Betelgeuse is known for"
			"will live up to your high expectations"
			"is the genuine article"
		word
			"? "
		word
			"Ensure that when buying new you do so from a reputable dealer"
			"Buy your ships direct from a Betelgeuse-affiliated shipyard"
			"Give yourself peace of mind by purchasing your Betelgeuse ship from a reputable shipyard"
			"Request the certificate of authenticity from the seller with your purchase"
		word
			". "
		word
			"These simple precautions will ensure that"
		word
			" you're not "
		word
			"duped into buying a"
			"conned with a counterfeit"
			"purchasing a"
		word
			" ship assembled from refuse by "
			" ship assembled with inferior materials by "
			" stolen ship from "
			" hijacked ship from "
			" patchy ship from "
		word
			"a gang of "
			"a bunch of "
			"some unsavory "
			"some untrustworthy "
		word
			"pirates. "
			"bootleggers. "
			"criminals. "
		word
			`Buy a genuine Betelgeuse ship today!" The message then displays a listing of nearby planets that sell "genuine" Betelgeuse ships.`
```

			"Veni, vidi, hyperjumped away."
			"Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music."
			"Better half a sentence, "

news "High Tension Situation"
	location
		attribute "ccor"
	name
		"Standoff"
	message
		word
			"On the corner "
			"By a landing pad "
			"At the entrance to the spaceport market, "
		word
			"some CCOR guerrillas are "
			"there's a group of people in CCOR colors "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets"
			"handing out literature"
			"delivering aid"
			"rallying against the local authorities"
			"supporting local protests"
		word
			". "
		word
			"When "
		word
			"the planetary authorities "
			"a gang of local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"

> 			"come quietly"

Author: You mean `gang of local pirates` with `come quietly`? Yeah, it is a little odd. How would a `replace` work being a few `words` away?

> 			"come quietly"

Reviewer 8: Hmm. You're right, not sure there is a good solution outside of making multiple `replace` lines for each possible combo. 
Maybe we could just create an alternative that would work instead? How about this? Open to suggestions.

```suggestion
			"shut up and buzz off"
```

		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word

> 			"in response "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"in response"
```

		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."

> phrase "A Light Ship"

Author: This is true. I thought I may use it elsewhere when I was first writing but as I haven't it isn't needed to be a phrase.

> phrase "A Light Ship"

Reviewer 8: Gotcha. Yeah, if you could just make these a `word` within `Careless Landing` we should be good here. Thanks!

		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots. "
			"protests. %"
		word
			"The rioters are "
		word
			"singing, ${CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"but they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"% The rioters" "The protesters"
			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet Alvorada
name
	"Observation"
message
	word
		"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
	word
		"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
		" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
		"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
	word
		" After some time of this "
	word
		"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "
		"it may be wise make sure no-one's tampering with your ship. "
	word
		"You find "
	word
		"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "

> 		"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "

Author: ```suggestion
		"there are a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "
```

		"no-one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "
	word
		"Whatever is going on, your ship appears unscathed."

news "Microgravity"
	location
		planet Mordente-Bridi
name
	"Repairs"
message
	word

> 		"Watching the micro-gravity section of the spaceport from the bar, you "

Author: ```suggestion
		"Watching the microgravity section of the spaceport from the bar, you "
```

	word
		"observe "
		"notice "
		"spot "
		"spy "
	word
		"a Bastion "
		"an Aerie "
		"a Falcon "
		"a Leviathan "
	word
		"returning from a raid, "
	word
		"potmarked with laser burns but with no apparent serious damage. "
		"battered with thousands of small perforations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, Gatling guns, back on them. "
		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. Fair guess they didn't have enough anti-missile. "
	word
		"As it comes to a stop in the maintenance bay engineering shuttles begin "
	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."

> 		"They'll be working for the rest of the shift on this one."

Author: Yeah... there's a way to ensure we get a particular result from one `word` choice to another with a few `words` in-between, right? Looks like this would be a spot for that, making it so it always selects `The work won't take the shuttles long.` when it selects `pockmarked with laser burns`.

> 		"They'll be working for the rest of the shift on this one."

Reviewer 8: I haven't heard of that, actually - just took a glance at the wiki, but looks like that isn't super up-to-date. I haven't been super active in development lately, so it's possible I missed it. Maybe ask around in the commmunity Discord? If there is a way to do it I'd bet someone would know in there.

news "Symbol War"
	location
		planet Gagarin
name
	"Guerrilla Symbology"
message
	word
		"It's an average day in Gagarin's busy spaceport, until "
	word
		"your attention is grabbed by an oddity. A "
		"an unusual commotion catches your attention. A "
	word
		"squad "
		"band "
		"team "
	word
		"of CCOR "
	word
		"guerillas "
		"insurgents "
	word
		"have entered the port."
	word
		"Almost none "
		"Few "
		"Some "
		"All "
	word
		"of them are armed, but it's their other equipment that stands out; paint, plaster, and ladders. They "

> 	word
> 		"aren't disrupting traffic "
> 		"are leaving port traffic be "
> 	word
> 		"as they "

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
```
This bit seems irrelevant imo. Do you think it's necessary?

Author: Yeah, looking at it now that does seem unnecessary

	word

> 		"scale the rear wall toward the giant crest of the local government "
> 		"walk along the walls stopping at each local government crest% "
> 	word
> 		"they replace the crest, then take down their ladders and leave."

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		"scale the rear wall toward the giant crest of the local government and "
		"walk along the walls, stopping at each local government crest and% "
	word
		"replace the crest, then take down their ladders and leave."
```

	word
		"Spaceport security "
	word
		"is noticeably absent the whole scene."
		"watched but kept their distance."
		"pointedly ignored it as it happened."
	replace

> 		"% they replace the " "they replace each "

Reviewer 8: ```suggestion
		"% they replace the crest" "replace them"
```

			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"
			"shut up and buzz off"
		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"in response"
		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."

phrase "Pronoun"
	word
		"his"
		"her"
		"their"

phrase "Careless Ends Well"
	word
		"turns around to reenter the ship"
	word
		" as it's struck by a wave, nudging it close to the edge of the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
		", moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores air traffic control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with the controller about their landing. The ship"
		"turns around to reenter the ship. However, it"
	word
		" is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet "Jakobsen"
	name
		word
			"Recklessness"
	message
		word
			"A Sparrow"
			"An Enforcer"
			"A Shuttle"
			"A Heavy Shuttle"
			"A Star Barge"
			"A Berserker"
			"A Fury"
			"A Hawk"

> 			"A Wasp"

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"A Wasp"
			"A Scrapper"
```

phrase "Pronoun"
	word
		"his"
		"her"
		"their"

phrase "Careless Ends Well"
	word
		"turns around to reenter the ship"
	word
		" as it's struck by a wave, nudging it close to the edge of the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
		", moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores air traffic control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with the controller about their landing. The ship"
		"turns around to reenter the ship. However, it"
	word
		" is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet "Jakobsen"
	name
		word
			"Recklessness"
	message
		word
			"A Sparrow"
			"An Enforcer"
			"A Shuttle"
			"A Heavy Shuttle"
			"A Star Barge"
			"A Berserker"
			"A Fury"
			"A Hawk"
			"A Wasp"
		word
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "
		phrase
			"Careless Ends Well"
			"Careless Ends Poorly"

phrase "CCOR Song Description"
	word
		"a song about "
	word

> 		"community, everyone pitching in where they can"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		"community and everyone pitching in where they can"
```

	location
		planet "Bailey"
	name
		word
			"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots. "
			"protests. %"
		word
			"The rioters are "
		word
			"singing, ${CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting, a list of their demands including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"but they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"% The rioters" "The protesters"
			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet "Alvorada"
	name
		word
			"Observation"
	message
		word
			"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
		word
			"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
			" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
			"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
		word
			" After some time of this "
		word
			"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "

> 			"it may be wise make sure no-one's tampering with your ship. "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"it may be wise make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "
```

		word
			"You find "
		word
			"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "

> 			"there are a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "
```

> 			"no-one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"no one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "
```

		word
			"Whatever is going on, your ship appears unscathed."

news "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi"
	location
		planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	name
		word
			"Repairs"
	message
		word
			"Watching the microgravity section of the spaceport from the bar, you "
		word
			"observe "
			"notice "
			"spot "
			"spy "
		word
			"a Bastion "
			"a Firebird "
			"a Falcon "
			"a Leviathan "
		word
			"returning from a raid, "
		phrase
			"Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - serious damage"
			"Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - light damage"

phrase "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - serious damage"
	word

> 		"battered with thousands of small perforations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, Gatling guns, back on them."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		"battered with thousands of small perforations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, Gatling Guns, back on them."
```

phrase "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - light damage"
	word
		"pockmarked with laser burns but with no apparent serious damage"
		"lightly dented in a way that suggests that a proton gun was to blame"
	word
		". "
	word
		"As it comes to a stop in the maintenance bay, the Bridi engineering shuttles begin "
	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."

news "Symbol War"
	location
		planet "Gagarin"
	name
		word
			"Guerrilla Symbology"
	message
		word
			"It's an average day in Gagarin's busy spaceport, until "
		word
			"your attention is grabbed by an oddity. A "
			"an unusual commotion catches your attention. A "
		word
			"squad "
			"band "
			"team "
		word
			"of CCOR "
		word
			"guerillas "
			"insurgents "
		word
			"have entered the port."
		word
			"Almost none "
			"Few "
			"Some "
			"All "
		word
			"of them are armed, but it's their other equipment that stands out; paint, plaster, and ladders. They "
		word
			"scale the rear wall toward the giant crest of the local government and "

> 			"walk along the walls, stopping at each local government crest and% "

Author: I believe that's possible, I'll have to look up how.

		word
			"replace the crest, then take down their ladders and leave."
		word
			"Spaceport security "
		word
			"is noticeably absent the whole scene."
			"watched but kept their distance."
			"pointedly ignored it as it happened."
		replace

> 			"% they replace the crest" "replace them"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"%replace the crest" "replacing them"
```

> 		replace
> 			"%replace the crest" "replacing them"
> 			"%" ""

Reviewer 4: I've been told that this would fix my suggestion above.
```suggestion
		replace
			"%replace the crest" "replacing them"
			"replacing them, then take down their ladders" "replacing them, then taking down their ladders"
			"%" ""
```

		", moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores air traffic control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with the controller about their landing. The ship"
		"turns around to reenter the ship. However, it"
	word
		" is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet "Jakobsen"
	name
		word
			"Recklessness"
	message
		word
			"A Sparrow"
			"An Enforcer"
			"A Shuttle"
			"A Heavy Shuttle"
			"A Star Barge"
			"A Berserker"
			"A Fury"
			"A Hawk"
			"A Wasp"
		word
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "
		phrase
			"Careless Ends Well"
			"Careless Ends Poorly"

phrase "CCOR Song Description"
	word
		"a song about "
	word
		"community and everyone pitching in where they can"
		"the tyranny of a man name Bailey, until he was overthrown"
		"the CCOR, praising their accomplishments"

> 		"resistance, opposition to the current planetary administration"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		"resistance and opposition to the current planetary administration"
```

phrase "Worker's Demands"
	word
		"safety regulations"
		"increased pay"
		"restoration of the CCOR"
		"justice against planetary security brutality"
		"immediate repositioning of the spaceport"

news "Discontent"
	location
		planet "Bailey"
	name
		word
			"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots. "
			"protests. %"
		word
			"The rioters are "
		word
			"singing ${CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting a list of their demands, including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"but they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace

> 			"% The rioters" "The protesters"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"%The rioters" "The protesters"
```

Author: I agree. Was thinking about that for a while. Been meaning to make those edits but haven't had motivation for the past little while.

			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet "Alvorada"
	name
		word
			"Observation"
	message
		word
			"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
		word
			"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
			" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
			"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
		word
			" After some time of this "
		word
			"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "

> 			"it may be wise to make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "

Reviewer 5: I’m not sure how I feel about this.

Reviewer 9: ```suggestion
			"you feel it may be wise to make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "
```

		word
			"You find "
		word
			"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "
			"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "
			"no one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "
		word
			"Whatever is going on, your ship appears unscathed."

news "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi"
	location
		planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	name
		word
			"Repairs"
	message
		word
			"Watching the microgravity section of the spaceport from the bar, you "
		word
			"observe "
			"notice "
			"spot "
			"spy "
		word
			"a Bastion "
			"a Firebird "
			"a Falcon "

> 			"a Leviathan "

Reviewer 9: More ship ideas: 
Saber
Osprey
Bulwark?

Reviewer 10: we need somthing like: Random(Ship::OfClass("Medium Warship"))->ModelName()

Reviewer 9: That would be nice, but I’m not sure the CCOR would be using Splinters or Aeries.

		word
			"returning from a raid, "
		phrase
			"Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - serious damage"
			"Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - light damage"

phrase "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - serious damage"
	word

> 		"battered with thousands of small perforations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, Gatling Guns, back on them."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		"battered with thousands of small perforations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, Gatling Guns, back on them"
```

> 		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. Fair guess they didn't have enough anti-missile"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. It's a fair guess that they didn't have enough anti-missile"
```

> 		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. Fair guess they didn't have enough anti-missile."

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. Fair guess they didn't have enough anti-missile"
```

	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."

news "Symbol War"
	location
		planet "Gagarin"
	name
		word
			"Guerrilla Symbology"
	message
		word
			"It's an average day in Gagarin's busy spaceport, until "
		word
			"your attention is grabbed by an oddity. A "
			"an unusual commotion catches your attention. A "
		word
			"squad "
			"band "
			"team "
		word
			"of CCOR "
		word
			"guerrillas "
			"insurgents "
		word
			"have entered the port. "
		word
			"Almost none "
			"Few "
			"Some "
			"All "
		word
			"of them are armed, but it's their other equipment that stands out; paint, plaster, and ladders. They "
		word
			"scale the rear wall toward the giant crest of the local government and "
			"walk along the walls, stopping at each local government crest and %"
		word
			"replace the crest, then take down their ladders and leave."
		word
			"Spaceport security "
		word
			"is noticeably absent the whole scene."
			"watched but kept their distance."
			"pointedly ignored it as it happened."
		replace

> 			"%replace the crest" "replacing them"
> 			"replacing them, then take down their ladders and leave" "replacing them, then taking down their ladders and leaving"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"%replace the crest, then take down their ladders and leave" "replacing them, then taking down their ladders and leaving"
```

			"%" ""

news "Betelgeuse Stolen Ship Advisory"
	location
		attributes "shipyard"
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral"
		not government "Pirate"
	name
		word

> 			"Advertisement"

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			"Message on an interactive screen"
			"Audio broadcast"
			"Televised message"
```

	message

> 		word
> 			"A message on an interactive screen reads"
> 			"An audio broadcast playing in the spaceport recites"
> 			"A televised message on one of the news screens broadcasts"
> 		word
> 			": "

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
```

		word
			`"How do you know that your Betelgeuse ship`
		word
			" "
		word
			"has the time-tested quality that Betelgeuse is known for"
			"will live up to your high expectations"
			"is the genuine article"
		word
			"? "
		word
			"Ensure that when buying new you do so from a reputable dealer"
			"Buy your ships direct from a Betelgeuse-affiliated shipyard"
			"Give yourself peace of mind by purchasing your Betelgeuse ship from a reputable shipyard"
			"Request the certificate of authenticity from the seller with your purchase"
		word
			". "
		word
			"These simple precautions will ensure that"
		word
			" you're not "
		word
			"duped into buying a"
			"conned with a counterfeit"
			"purchasing a"
		word
			" ship assembled from refuse by "
			" ship assembled with inferior materials by "
			" stolen ship from "
			" hijacked ship from "
			" patchy ship from "
		word
			"a gang of "
			"a bunch of "
			"some unsavory "
			"some untrustworthy "
		word
			"pirates. "
			"bootleggers. "
			"criminals. "
		word

> 			`Buy a genuine Betelgeuse ship today!" The message then displays a listing of nearby planets that sell "genuine" Betelgeuse ships.`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
			`Buy a genuine Betelgeuse ship today!"`
```

			"Veni, vidi, hyperjumped away."
			"Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music."
			"Better half a sentence, "

> news "High Tension Situation"

Author: ```suggestion
news "high tension situation"
```

	location
		attributes "ccor"
	name
		word
			"Standoff"
	message
		word
			"On the corner "
			"By a landing pad "
			"At the entrance to the spaceport market, "
		word
			"some CCOR guerrillas are "
			"there's a group of people in CCOR colors "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets"
			"handing out literature"
			"delivering aid"
			"rallying against the local authorities"
			"supporting local protests"
		word
			". "
		word
			"When "
		word
			"the planetary authorities "
			"a gang of local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"
		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"in response"
		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."

phrase "Pronoun"
	word
		"his"
		"her"
		"their"

> phrase "Careless Ends Well"

Author: ```suggestion
phrase "careless ends well"
```

	word
		"turns around to reenter the ship"
	word
		" as it's struck by a wave, nudging it close to the edge of the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
		", moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

> phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"

Author: ```suggestion
phrase "careless ends poorly"
```

	word
		"ignores air traffic control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with the controller about their landing. The ship"
		"turns around to reenter the ship. However, it"
	word
		" is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

> news "Careless Landing"

Author: ```suggestion
news "careless landing"
```

	location
		planet "Jakobsen"
	name
		word

> 			"Recklessness"

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
			"Ship landing"
```

	message
		word
			"A Sparrow"
			"An Enforcer"
			"A Shuttle"
			"A Heavy Shuttle"
			"A Star Barge"
			"A Berserker"
			"A Fury"
			"A Hawk"
			"A Wasp"
			"A Scrapper"
		word

> 			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} vessel, but the captain "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${pronoun} vessel, but the captain "
```

		phrase

> 			"Careless Ends Well"
> 			"Careless Ends Poorly"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"careless ends well"
			"careless ends poorly"
```

> phrase "CCOR Song Description"

Author: ```suggestion
phrase "ccor song description"
```

	word
		"a song about "
	word
		"community and everyone pitching in where they can"
		"the tyranny of a man name Bailey, until he was overthrown"
		"the CCOR, praising their accomplishments"
		"resistance and opposition to the current planetary administration"

> phrase "Worker's Demands"

Author: ```suggestion
phrase "worker's demands"
```

	word
		"safety regulations"
		"increased pay"
		"restoration of the CCOR"
		"justice against planetary security brutality"
		"immediate repositioning of the spaceport"

news "Discontent"
	location
		planet "Bailey"
	name
		word
			"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots. "
			"protests. %"
		word
			"The rioters are "
		word

> 			"singing ${CCOR Song Description}. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"singing ${ccor song description}. "
```

> 			"chanting a list of their demands, including ${Worker's Demands}. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"chanting a list of their demands, including ${worker's demands}. "
```

			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"but they're pushed back."
			"but they're routed."
			"and they disperse the demonstrators."
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"%The rioters" "The protesters"
			"%" ""

> news "Clandestine"

Author: ```suggestion
news "clandestine"
```

	location
		planet "Alvorada"
	name
		word
			"Observation"
	message
		word
			"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
		word
			"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
			" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
			"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
		word
			" After some time of this "
		word
			"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "
			"you feel it may be wise to make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "
		word
			"You find "
		word
			"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "
			"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "
			"no one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "
		word
			"Whatever is going on, your ship appears unscathed."

> news "Betelgeuse Stolen Ship Advisory"

Author: ```suggestion
news "betelgeuse stolen ship advisory"
```

			"Veni, vidi, hyperjumped away."
			"Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music."
			"Better half a sentence, "

news "High Tension Situation"
	location
		attributes "ccor"
	name
		word
			"Standoff"
	message
		word
			"On the corner "
			"By a landing pad "
			"At the entrance to the spaceport market, "
		word
			"some CCOR guerrillas are "
			"there's a group of people in CCOR colors "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets"
			"handing out literature"
			"delivering aid"
			"rallying against the local authorities"
			"supporting local protests"
		word
			". "
		word
			"When "
		word
			"the planetary authorities "
			"a gang of local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"
			"shut up and buzz off"
		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"in response"
		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."

> phrase "Pronoun"

Reviewer 7: Can you change the phrase names to all lowercase? I believe that is the standard.

Author: Done

		phrase
			"Careless Ends Well"
			"Careless Ends Poorly"

phrase "CCOR Song Description"
	word
		"a song about "
	word
		"community and everyone pitching in where they can"
		"the tyranny of a man name Bailey, until he was overthrown"
		"the CCOR, praising their accomplishments"
		"resistance and opposition to the current planetary administration"

phrase "Worker's Demands"
	word
		"safety regulations"
		"increased pay"
		"restoration of the CCOR"
		"justice against planetary security brutality"
		"immediate repositioning of the spaceport"

news "Discontent"
	location
		planet "Bailey"
	name
		word
			"Conflict"
	message
		word
			"Allegations that planetary authorities will no longer move the spaceport has provoked "
		word
			"large scale "
			"mass "
			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots. "
			"protests. %"
		word
			"The rioters are "
		word
			"singing ${CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting a list of their demands, including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word

> 			"but they're pushed back. "
> 			"but they're routed. "
> 			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"but they're pushed back."
			"but they're routed."
			"and they disperse the demonstrators."
```

			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"%The rioters" "The protesters"
			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet "Alvorada"
	name
		word
			"Observation"
	message
		word
			"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
		word
			"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
			" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
			"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
		word
			" After some time of this "
		word
			"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "
			"you feel it may be wise to make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "
		word
			"You find "
		word
			"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "
			"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "
			"no one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "
		word
			"Whatever is going on, your ship appears unscathed."

news "Betelgeuse Stolen Ship Advisory"
	location
		attributes "shipyard"
		government "Republic" "Free Worlds" "Syndicate" "Neutral"

> 		not government "Pirate"

Reviewer 7: Do you need the `not government` here? Pirate isn't listed above.

Author: Good point, nixed the not government.

> 		not government "Pirate"

Author: ```suggestion
```

			"Veni, vidi, hyperjumped away."
			"Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music."
			"Better half a sentence, "

news "High Tension Situation"
	location
		attributes "ccor"
	name
		word
			"Standoff"
	message
		word
			"On the corner "
			"By a landing pad "
			"At the entrance to the spaceport market, "
		word
			"some CCOR guerrillas are "
			"there's a group of people in CCOR colors "
		word
			"distributing pamphlets"
			"handing out literature"
			"delivering aid"
			"rallying against the local authorities"
			"supporting local protests"
		word
			". "
		word
			"When "
		word
			"the planetary authorities "
			"a gang of local pirates "
		word
			"accost "
			"confront "
		word
			"them and demand that they "
		word
			"disperse"
			"make themselves scarce"
			"abandon their objective"

> 			"shut up and buzz off"

Reviewer 4: To be honest it sounds a bit silly for pirates/planetary authorities to be saying this.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
```

		word
			", "
		word
			"the guerrillas "
			"the group "
		word
			"bluster at them "
			"saber-rattle "
		word
			"in response"
		word
			", but they end up dispersing."
			", and the two groups back down."

phrase "Pronoun"
	word
		"his"
		"her"
		"their"

phrase "Careless Ends Well"
	word
		"turns around to reenter the ship"
	word
		" as it's struck by a wave, nudging it close to the edge of the platform. The captain then moves the ship to a lowerable pad."
		", moving it to a lowerable pad before it could be caught by a wave."

phrase "Careless Ends Poorly"
	word
		"ignores air traffic control and heads to the bar. The ship"
		"argues with the controller about their landing. The ship"
		"turns around to reenter the ship. However, it"
	word
		" is "
	word
		"struck "
		"caught "
	word
		"by a wave and "
	word
		"swept into the sea."
		"pushed off the pad."

news "Careless Landing"
	location
		planet "Jakobsen"
	name
		word
			"Recklessness"
	message
		word
			"A Sparrow"
			"An Enforcer"
			"A Shuttle"
			"A Heavy Shuttle"
			"A Star Barge"
			"A Berserker"
			"A Fury"
			"A Hawk"
			"A Wasp"
			"A Scrapper"
		word

> 			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} ship. The captain "

Reviewer 4: This is so we don't get repetitions of the word 'ship' in case `"turns around to reenter the ship. However, it"` is the next line.
```suggestion
			" lands on a pad meant for heavier ships. Air traffic control is immediately upon the captain to move ${Pronoun} vessel, but the captain "
```

			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"but they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "
			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "
			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"%The rioters" "The protesters"
			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet "Alvorada"
	name
		word
			"Observation"
	message
		word
			"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
		word
			"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
			" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
			"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
		word
			" After some time of this "
		word
			"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "
			"you feel it may be wise to make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "
		word
			"You find "
		word
			"a lone pirate prodding the ship with rudimentary tools. "
			"a few pirates watching but not apparently touching it. "
			"no one there. The area around your ship is almost suspiciously devoid of people. "
		word
			"Whatever is going on, your ship appears unscathed."

> news "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi"

Reviewer 4: Tested this and the news dialog overflows in a lot of instances. You'll need to shorten it. 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/89ba995d-bd88-4d2f-b42c-cf0787403eb8)

	location
		planet "Mordente-Bridi"
	name
		word
			"Repairs"
	message
		word
			"Watching the microgravity section of the spaceport from the bar, you "
		word
			"observe "
			"notice "
			"spot "
			"spy "
		word
			"a Bastion "
			"a Firebird "
			"a Falcon "
			"a Leviathan "
		word
			"returning from a raid, "
		phrase
			"Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - serious damage"
			"Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - light damage"

phrase "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - serious damage"
	word

> 		"battered with thousands of small perforations. Somebody's turned a mainstay of the pirate arsenal, Gatling Guns, back on them"

Author: ```suggestion
		"with thousands of perforations. Turnabout is, apparently, fair game with Gatling Guns"
```

> 		"with substantial sections of hull heavily battered or missing altogether. It's a fair guess that they didn't have enough anti-missile"

Author: ```suggestion
		"chunks battered heavily or missing altogether. They almost certainly didn't have enough anti-missile"
```

		"its hull covered in gashes and burns from Plasma Cannons"
	word
		". "
	word
		"As it comes to a stop in the maintenance bay, the Bridi engineering shuttles begin "
	word
		"buzzing "

> 		"fluttering "

Author: ```suggestion
		"zipping "
```

	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"They'll be working for the rest of the shift on this one."

phrase "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - light damage"
	word
		"pockmarked with laser burns but with no apparent serious damage"
		"lightly dented in a way that suggests that a Proton Gun was to blame"
	word
		". "
	word
		"As it comes to a stop in the maintenance bay, the Bridi engineering shuttles begin "
	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."

> news "Symbol War"

Reviewer 4: This news item also overflows. You'll need to shorten it somehow.
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/df8129d3-c582-48ea-a0d1-36b9d6cdc6bd)

Reviewer 4: An alternative to shortening this would to have it as a culture conversation, rather than a news article.

			"moderate "
			"scattered "
		word
			"riots. "
			"protests. %"
		word
			"The rioters are "
		word
			"singing ${CCOR Song Description}. "
			"chanting a list of their demands, including ${Worker's Demands}. "
			"sizing up the planetary security forces. "
		word
			"Security eventually steps in, "
		word
			"but they're pushed back. "
			"but they're routed. "

> 			"and they disperse the demonstrators. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"but they're pushed back."
			"but they're routed."
			"and they disperse the demonstrators."
```

			"and the demonstrators scatter but don't appear dissuaded."
		replace
			"% The rioters" "The protesters"
			"%" ""

news "Clandestine"
	location
		planet "Alvorada"
	name
		word
			"Observation"
	message
		word
			"You can't escape the feeling of being watched. It"
		word
			"'s probably the security cameras; most of them are still running."
			" feels like there are eyes around every corner."
			"'s the pirates; a small number of them seem to be observing you."
		word
			" After some time of this "
		word
			"a silent alarm tells you that your should check on your ship. "

> 			"it may be wise make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"it may be wise to make sure no one's tampering with your ship. "
```
I'm not sure this works with `After some time of this`.

		"its hull covered in gashes and burns from Plasma Cannons"
	word
		". "
	word
		"As it comes to a stop in the maintenance bay, the Bridi engineering shuttles begin "
	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"They'll be working for the rest of the shift on this one."

phrase "Raiders returning to Mordente-Bridi - light damage"
	word
		"pockmarked with laser burns but with no apparent serious damage"
		"lightly dented in a way that suggests that a Proton Gun was to blame"
	word
		". "
	word
		"As it comes to a stop in the maintenance bay, the Bridi engineering shuttles begin "
	word
		"buzzing "
		"fluttering "
	word
		"around it, assessing the damage and beginning the work on repairs. "
	word
		"The work won't take the shuttles long."

news "Symbol War"
	location
		planet "Gagarin"
	name
		word
			"Guerrilla Symbology"
	message
		word
			"It's an average day in Gagarin's busy spaceport, until "
		word
			"your attention is grabbed by an oddity. A "
			"an unusual commotion catches your attention. A "
		word
			"squad "
			"band "
			"team "
		word
			"of CCOR "
		word

> 			"guerillas "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"guerrillas "
```

			"insurgents "
		word

> 			"have entered the port."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"have entered the port. "
```

		word
			"Almost none "
			"Few "
			"Some "
			"All "
		word
			"of them are armed, but it's their other equipment that stands out; paint, plaster, and ladders. They "
		word
			"scale the rear wall toward the giant crest of the local government and "

> 			"walk along the walls, stopping at each local government crest and% "

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"walk along the walls, stopping at each local government crest and %"
```
I don't think the replacement will work properly otherwise.

			"Veni, vidi, hyperjumped away."
			"Those who dance will be called fools by those who cannot hear the music."
			"Better half a sentence, "

>       "To the moon, and not coming back."

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
			"To the moon, and not coming back."
```
